hey guys welcome back to pinch pennies
worth priscila yeah didn't I just tell
y'all officer having an affair with
Scott you know I hear me on the last
video yeah he followed me to wax sure
did but anyway you know I got to do what
I got to do so anyway went to wags and
this would have picked up y'all yep and
I paid a total out-of-pocket i think i
paid about eight dollars and some change
and that was mainly taxes so yeah the
video coupon came back out to $45
printable i snatched up two of them real
quick brand my butt out of here to
walgreens and yeah i got the only two
that was on the shelf yes it did so
anyway I'm in a storm I'm winging it I
don't know what deals going on but I
figured it out real quick so here's what
I did this is transaction one over here
and almost did the same thing over here
okay so here's what i got the Scots
paper towels you know those are five
dollars with the one dollar wags coupon
I'm taking it down to four dollars and
then we had I think ahead did I happen
one dollar manufacturer coupon I think I
had one dollar manufacture coupon on now
I believe I had to one dollar
manufacturer coupons anyway so I got
those the gain and no the gain was not
on clearance at my store I can't
remember who it was posted a video that
at some walgreens they have the 30 30
load she showed the box the powder that
it was on clearance for like a dollar
and some change not scared that baby it
was nine dollars and some change so nope
but this game right here is 499 and when
you buy two of them you get a thousand
points so I did that of course you know
the video is on sale at my store for 69
I had the fifty-dollar wet coupon and
the 45 all the printables that gave me
25 dollars in one sense in overage and
so that's how I was able to pay for
everything else I picked up for utensils
here the cutlery sets these babies are
staples in my house we use this stuff so
I picked up for those over ninety nine
cents each then I did the eos eos
however you want to pounce it that deal
is two four six and you get back 3,000
points for that and then they have the
two-day bonus sale or something that Rob
told us about which is coupon like a man
that foot too well yesterday and today
you get 5,000 points for every thirty
dollars that you thirty dollars of
products that you buy so got all this
together way over that thirty dollars
but I had to get it because I had 25
hours in overage and so I got 5,000
points for the whole purchase i got
3,000 points for this and i got 1,000
points for that so what is that 538 I
got 9,000 points for this transaction
right here and here's my and I got my
boobie a candy bar she loves these her
she delights I got her one of those the
air delights here's my receipt hopefully
you guys can see that at 1145 p.m. I
went my butt to walgreens and this is
everything I don't know if it's focusing
or not and there's my points that I
earned nine thousand points right there
that's my bonus 5,000 points the
thousand points for the gain and the
three thousand points for the EOS my
subtotal was 50 I mean sixty-two cents
tax was 184 so I paid two dollars in 46
cents for all of that and my points
after that twelve thousand points is
what i have right then i did it almost
the same thing again pretty much same
thing only difference is the cutlery was
about 396 so i substituted that for the
Mitchum which was 199 each and I didn't
have the coupons for that so roughly
about the same amount the gun my scepter
to the foot a candy bar about ten cents
more for the gum but this gum actually
ended up giving me a 500 points for
buying that it's a coupon in the
walgreens paper let me show you know it
gave me 250 points for the orbit gum so
I got that and I did the Eels lotion
again got another video got some more of
the gain and in place of the Scots which
is the same price i got two of the
cottonelle so here's my receipt for that
at eleven fifty eight pm this is my
receipt and it was my points are earth
another 5,000 bonus points thousand
points for the game and three thousand
points for the Mitchum and I see that I
did not get my 250 points for the gum
know why I didn't get that so as you can
see my subtotal was 374 my taxes 185 so
this one cost me 5 59 alright so my
points after this 20 1250 or I take it
to 250 but it just didn't show up on
that list for some reason so 21,000 250
points it's what I have y'all know I'm
going to go and wags and just go crazy
spinning on points but um yeah so I
basically spent about what five
something plus 2 something
yeah spend about nine dollars after
taxes on all of this and have 21,000 250
points so yeah that was a good trip
finally got in on a meter deal picking
up those two barrios and I actually
started to wait until I was on my way to
work in the morning but I was like you
know it's going to be gone I know it's
going to be gone and had to on a shelf I
still haven't found those uh diabetes
booklet things job and doing but yeah so
that's what i got from walgreens and i'm
happy for the week so anyway I got some
more shopping to do at CVS I got more
Scots and more what does it bounty to
get i'm using up my rewards this week on
paper products and it has got tissue at
rite aid to get yeah i'm going hard on
it the paper products this week all
right so look for those videos later
thanks for watching and happy shopping
happy savings by